New software page (#407)
italia/developers.italia.it: _pages/en/software.md

ref:
  it: /it/software
layout: software
pair-blocks:
    - title: "Software Reuse"

>       text: "Solutions and computer programs owned by an Italian Public Administration"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      text: "Solutions and computer programs shared by Italian Public Administrations"
```

      # image: /assets/images/come-lo-uso-2.svg
      buttons:
        - label: Explore
          class: btn btn-primary
          url: '/en/search?type=reuse_software&page=0&sort=relevance'
    - title: "Third party open source"

>       text: "A selection of open source software of interest for a Public Administration"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      text: "Open source software of interest for Public Administrations"
```
